hey guys if you want to know how to
breed all the dragons in this game go to
dragon city guide comp or click the link
in description and download the complete
breeding guy yo-yo hello dragon city
fans welcome to pure Kombat part 3 today
we are going to combat with my pure C
pure nature and pure electric and my
crystal dragon three gold stars so let's
fight first with pure C pure nature and
crystal let's combat here for the pure C
dragon we have AC drain and hammer fist
AC drain good attack and hammer fist I
think it's a little bit weak yeah very
weak because it's physical and legends
dragon have physical immune let's see
the pure nature ratnam spell and let's
do it again
rotten spell to win this fight oh my god
legendary dragon legendary dragons are
very strong let's do rutting spell but
it will not be a problem for my crystal
dragon three gold star check out the
damage critical damage ladies and
gentlemen my main dragons are legendary
mirror and crystal all level 30
except this crystal dragons let's do the
legend spell again critical damage of
course yes and we want now let's see the
attacks again for pure nature rotting
spell is the most powerful okay now
let's see the pure electric karate Brick
Break and electro ball let's see the
electro ball pretty good pretty good
wind dragon let's also see the animation
for karate Brick Break although it is
physical damage and its weight of course
that's the electric Bowl electro ball
again alright
and now let's kill these dragons with my
crystal dragon of course check out
legends fel critical damage for sure
I don't advice for you guys level up
your legends dragons it doesn't matter
if his crystal wind legendary or mirror
they are very strong once you reach
level 20 something close to 30
all right and we won and we have another
combat left
let's fight with pure electric pure
nature and my pure dragon level 27
okay let's combat your electric versus
pure electric let's do the karate Brick
Break 4,000 damage electro ball I don't
know if it will work see no effect of
course oh my god oh my god karate Brick
Break is the only one we can do some
damage
all right and I hope now I'm not dead
all right
pure Dark Dragon and I'm pretty sure we
will kill it with pure nature with
rotting spell let's see the damage 5000
not bad let's see the hammer fist 4000
so the rock nice belt is better
oh no and where to add oh my god but the
pure dragon has some very cool attacks
so check out the hypnosis attack yeah
Dark Dragon you are hypnotized your
terror dragon is pretty cool but not
cool enough for the deal sword 6000
damage for that and also the pure light
it's so fast check it out
boom 7000 damage and critical alright
have a nice day guys and have fun in
Dragon City if you want to know how to
breed all the dragons in this game go to
dragon city guide calm and download the
complete reading guide that I've put
together in order for you to have all
the possible combinations in Dragon City
game please like this video and
subscribe for more videos like this one
thanks